So I think responding to a suicide comes with a few different complications
because of cultural, um, and theological beliefs on what suicide
means. Everybody has a different perception, but I think people still
go through the grief. Still go through a lot of questioning. Um,
the one caveat you may have with suicide is individuals asking, What
if I have Dunmore? What if I was stepped in or saw the signs? So
you may have to deal with some secondary and third order effects of
your sailors as they cope with this. And then you have to deal with
individuals who may be joke about the suicide or, um, say that the place
is better off without him. They didn't want him there anyways,
so you have to deal with those types of reactions which are valid reactions
and and very normal. But to understand that and have the resource
is available